[WATER RUSHING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> We're in phase
one of first contact,
which is the remembrance of
the fact that there is even
anything outside of us.
But there's a phase
two of contact, which
we'll be entering into soon.
In this next decade,
they will start
to appear physically to
certain groups of people.
Over that period
of 10 years or so,
you will slowly, basically be
acclimating to their frequency
in a more physical way.
Their reality is merging with
our reality, and all of this
is like a climatization process.
It's acclimating
to their frequency
so that we can best
meet them in the middle.
Eventually, these
first-contact ambassadors
will all get very used to
interacting in a physical way,
and that timing correlate
with greater planetary shifts.
That will eventually lead
to open global contact.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Eventually, we will become part
of a greater galactic council
and society.
In our lifetimes, we will
be part of this greater
galactic community, and
we'll be exploring outside
of our planet, and we'll be
interacting as first contact
specialists to other
societies as well.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[WATER RUSHING]
>> All right.
Here we are.
>> Here we are.
>> In your backyard.
>> In my backyard in Sedona.
[LAUGHS]
>> Gabe Salomon?
>> Yes.
>> Thanks for having
me in your backyard.
>> Well, thank you for coming.
>> So you're a contactee?
>> I am, yeah.
>> An artist?
>> Artist.
>> A YouTuber.
>> YouTuber.
>> A--
>> Musician.
Yeah.
>> Animator.
>> Animate?
>> 3D modeler.
Web designer.
I do a lot of different kinds
of stuff, all influenced
and inspired by my different
contact experiences and things
that will uplift consciousness.
>> Right.
Let's get into that.
>> Yeah.
>> How did it all start for you?
>> So I'm going to start
with just when I was younger.
And in retrospect, I didn't know
that the experiences that I was
having when I was younger
were actually setting me up
for the work that I'm doing
now and to become more --
a lot more consciously aware
of these different types
of things.
So I'll start with that.
So when I was younger,
I was pretty obsessed
with a lot of different types of
metaphysical, paranormal stuff
and specifically, aliens.
And a lot of times when I was
younger, I would stay up late,
and I would watch shows
like "Ancient Aliens"
and these different
kinds of things.
It was very matter
of fact to me.
I would watch the show,
and I would just kind of
be like, oh, well, of
course this is how it is.
And of course aliens exist,
and of course they've
been influencing our society
for thousands of years.
How could you not believe this?
>> Right, right.
>> And I remember
that oftentimes,
I would stay up late at night,
and I would wait by my bedroom
window.
Or there was a kitchen
door at a house
that I grew up in that
had a big screen door.
I would wait there, and I would
wait for them to pick me up.
I didn't know what that meant,
because I was still young.
It was maybe between the time
I was eight and 10 or whatever.
And I didn't know
what that meant,
meaning my conscious mind
was confused by that,
but there is a deeper
thing that was happening,
a deeper recognition
that was happening,
that these experiences
were occurring,
or something was occurring.
I didn't even know that
they were experiences.
There was a notion that, OK,
they were coming to pick me up.
There was a few experiences that
I remember when I was younger.
When I was about
eight, I remember
that I was going to
fall asleep one night.
And when I would put
my head on my pillow,
I could hear two
voices whispering,
and they were whispering
to each other.
They were deciding something,
but it was about me.
I couldn't discern
what they were saying,
but I could just
hear them whispering
as I had my head on the pillow.
I would spring out
of bed, and I would
look around thinking,
I don't know,
I would catch them in the
act of talking about me
or whatever it is.
>> Might find them
in your closet.
>> Yeah.
I'd open the closet
or look under the bed,
and they would be there.
But as soon as I would
do that, it would stop,
and this went on
for the whole night.
I remember, I would go
in throughout that night,
and I would wake my mom up
and be like, there's angels.
There's angels in my room.
I perceived them as being
two different energies.
There was two energies
that we're talking,
and that was the
context that I had.
It was angels.
OK, they were angels,
because what is an angel?
It's a benevolent
being of light,
and that was my sense about it.
I wasn't scared so
much, but I was curious,
and I was confused, I think.
>> What did your mom
have to say about that?
>> I don't remember,
to be honest.
I don't know how she
actually responded to that.
>> Does she know about
your work now, and your--
>> Oh, yeah.
I mean she is very aware.
>> Is she supportive of
what you're doing now?
>> Yeah, yeah.
She's really supportive.
>> That's awesome.
>> She's had she's had her
own experiences and stuff.
But I don't know what
she said at the time.
Anyway, so there was a few
things like that that happened.
>> Any memories of--
you said you'd wait for
them to pick you up.
>> Yeah.
>> Any memories of them
actually picking you up?
>> No memories of
that, as far as--
well, and actually, it's
funny, because as I've
become a lot more aware
of these experiences,
I've had these very
interesting experiences where
I'm viewing myself as a
kid from a third person
perspective talking to them.
>> Oh, interesting.
>> They're like memories.
They're bringing me through
these other parallel past
realities of me as a kid.
So I have had experiences
like that, but none
that I was consciously
remembering from a first-person
perspective at that time.
>> It's interesting that
they would show you from that
perspective, that you would
show yourself I should say.
>> I show myself.
Yeah.
I've had a few of those.
So fast forward to
when I was a teenager.
Actually, I was very
atheist and very almost
against anything that was
outside of the sort of idea
that you're just
a person on Earth,
and you live, and you die, and
whatever, and no one cares.
I was very much
in that attitude.
I was going through
a lot of dark stuff
when I was a teenager.
I went through a lot
of drug addiction,
and I was in a very
dysfunctional relationship,
and hanging out
with a lot of people
that were doing
things that were not
in integrity and in alignment.
>> Wow.
That doesn't seem
like you at all.
>> I know.
It doesn't seem -- but it
was who I was at the time,
for sure.
>> Wow, OK. and
when was this at?
>> This was from the time that
I was 14 to the time that I was
17.
>> OK.
I mean, where did you grow up?
>> Oh, I grew up in Connecticut.
>> In Connecticut?
OK.
>> Yeah, yeah, and
just in the suburbs.
>> Nice.
I was just in Hartford
a couple of weeks ago.
>> Oh, really?
Cool.
>> Or a month ago.
>> Awesome.
>> I just played a gig in
Hartford like, a week ago.
>> Oh, sweet.
>> Yeah.
So I went down this
very negative path,
and I kind of shut
all of that stuff out.
I was an active non-believer of
these kinds of things and was
very against the idea of there
being some sort of greater--
>> Extraterrestrial,
or [INAUDIBLE]??
>> Yeah, just some
sort of greater set.
Like, power, because in
that state that I was in,
I felt so abused, and
neglected, and misunderstood,
and abandoned that I kind of
shut off the idea that there
was anything else out there.
>> Sure.
>> You know?
>> Yeah.
Yeah, I guess if you're going
through dark times, then yeah,
that's usually
what you would do.
>> That's how it is, and you
tend to shut those aspects
of yourself off, and
you feel abandoned.
>> Yeah.
>> So amongst all of that,
something that was a big
turning point for me, which was
that I got accepted to my dream
college, and that was a
music college called Berklee,
and it was in Boston.
When I went to the school,
everything started to change,
because all of a sudden, I was
immersed in my passion 24/7,
and that was like the light
at the end of the tunnel,
and I really felt myself
changing for the positive.
One thing that
started to happen was
that I would have spontaneous
out-of-body experiences,
and I would go
lucid in my dreams,
and that was not anything
that ever happened to me.
I might have heard about
lucid dreaming once or twice,
but I didn't really
know anything about it.
It just spontaneously
started happening to me.
The first conscious
contact experience
that I had was in my
freshman year of college.
And I went out of body,
and I found myself
in the city, what I was
perceiving to be a city,
and there was a lot of
people walking around,
and it wasn't really
like any kind of city
that I've seen before.
It's hard to say what
even it looked like.
It was more of just the
feeling of it being a city,
and that's how I understood it.
I remember looking
up, and over the city,
there was this giant
energetic field.
It was a purple, shimmery color.
I remember looking up there,
and as I was looking up,
this massive ship just kind of
came through the energy field.
I remember looking
at it like, whoa.
As that was happening,
I became aware
that there was
someone talking to me,
that there was someone
having a conversation.
This person was trying to get
my attention, like, hello.
Are you still listening?
I kind of felt my attention come
back to looking straight ahead
of me.
>> To the voice, or--
>> To the voice, and I realized
that there was a little man.
he was maybe a little bit--
he was maybe five feet tall --
or 4'9" or something.
And he had a huge
head, very human-like,
but just a larger head,
no hair, our color skin.
I remember he was talking
to in and I sort of
in a a half-remembered dream.
I was listening to
his words, but I
wasn't really understanding
what he was saying,
but I remember having
the thought alien.
And when I had that thought,
the experience ended.
I woke up, and that was the
first conscious experience
I've ever had with
an extraterrestrial
that I remembered.
>> Well, what do you think--
do you think that was life
on another planet, another--
>> It's a good question,
and I don't really know.
I don't really know, but I will
say that he was, from my sense,
he was part of one of the hybrid
races, the Yahyel, most likely.
>> Now, because you're more
familiar with the energy--
>> I'm more familiar.
I sensed that he was part
of one of the hybrid races,
and those are the beings, the
Yahyel, Essassani, the Hybrid
Children, these beings
that, for a lot of people,
they've heard Bashar
talk about them.
These are the beings that I
interact with a lot, the most
regularly, and I'm most
familiar with their energy.
After that experience,
I kind of went back
into researching and obsessing
about paranormal stuff,
and extraterrestrials, and UFOs.
And the path that
I went down, which
is the path that a lot
of us go down at first
is more of that
conspiracy ufology.
Why are they here?
Who are they?
What is their intention and
what are the scientific facts?
And all that.
>> And the chemtrails, and
the fluoride, and the--
>> Yeah, the government
cover-up and the secrecy, yeah.
>> And the secret underground--
>> The conspiracy
theories, yeah.
>> It's all of that.
>> Absolutely.
>> So I went into that, but
that was an important gateway,
because it opened me up to
understanding that there was
more out there, and that it
gave a little bit more validity
to my experiences.
So throughout that time,
for about a year, I
was kind of in denial as to
what was happening to me,
and I would have these little--
>> So it would continue?
>> It was it was continuing,
and I would have these little
experiences.
There'd be like, 10
seconds or 20 seconds
where it would be in
the middle of the night.
Flash.
I'd be in another reality.
It would be some
version of my bedroom,
and there would be two or three
ETs at the foot of the bed.
And a flash, it would be done.
And that happened, and I was
continually sort of in denial.
Like, what?
Am I making this up?
All the things that
we go through when
we start to first
have these experiences
and when we start to
spiritually awaken.
Am I crazy?
Dah-dah-dah, dah-dah-dah.
So the turning point for me
was that I read this book,
and it was called "An
Invitation to the Dance."
it was written by an
experiencer named Steve Jones.
>> Steve Jones.
>> It was an amazing book.
He talked a lot
about his experiences
which once again,
validated my experiences.
But the key thing
that he introduced
to me was the concept
of universal love,
and that these beings
were messengers of love,
that these beings were
here to assist humanity,
reunite with these cosmic beings
who are a part of our family.
He talked a lot about
the hybridization program
as well and a lot of
these things that then,
when I later found Bashar,
he was talking about, too.
And just the idea of practicing
positivity and becoming
more loving, implementing
that into your into our lives
was a huge key for me, because
then it was no longer just sort
of accumulating facts
about extraterrestrials
or about metaphysics.
It was more starting to embody
that and live from that place.
So my heart was more open, and
I was more spiritually aligned,
and I was I was
wanting to change,
and I was wanting to open up
to these experiences more.
So fast forward.
The first time I take
psychedelic mushrooms,
I had a absolutely,
insanely profound experience
that really shaped the
course of what now I
understand my work to be.
So basically, I
took the mushrooms,
and my intention going--
I was with the right people, I
was in the right environment,
I had the right intention.
>> Set and setting.
>> Set and setting, totally.
The first thing that
was extremely profound
about the experience
is-- of course,
if you've ever
taken psychedelics,
you come, and you're
sensitive, and you're aligned.
You come into the
space of realizing
everything is one, and
that we're all connected,
and all these beautiful
universal truths.
But the thing that really
changed everything for me
is that there was a
guy that was there
who was sort of inadvertently
acting as a guide.
He was very spiritually in tune.
He was only there for
two days, and he--
>> Was he helping to facilitate
the ceremony in a way?
>> Yeah, in a sense, but
it wasn't like so official.
You know?
>> Sure, sure.
>> He wasn't a shaman.
He just was a guy who
was really in tune,
and he knew how to help guide.
So he was showing me how to
move energy throughout my body,
and we were making
these energy balls.
A huge turning point for
me was that I remember
making an energy
ball in my hand,
and I could see it as clear as
I see you, and I was hearing it.
I could hear the
oscillation of it.
I could see the colors of
it, and the veil was removed.
I was perceiving all
these different things.
And the thing that came
to me in that experience
was God is real.
It's like everything that
I pushed away or everything
that I denied for such
a long time was there
in that experience.
That was the first
thing that happened.
The second thing
that happened was
that I started to be
contacted in that experience
by extraterrestrials.
Basically, they were
contacting me telepathically,
and they were utilizing the
people in my environment
to deliver messages.
The people in my environment
didn't necessarily
know that that's
what they were doing.
In their own subjective
version of reality,
they were just talking.
But no, no, no.
In my version of reality,
they were talking, and--
>> Just as everything
is a reflection.
Higher dimensional energies
will use us as conduits
to deliver messages.
So the first thing was
like, this is real.
We are contacting you.
It was very direct.
They were like, you
are here on this planet
at this time as part of
a galactic federation,
a council who is here to uplift
the vibrational frequency
of humanity, and you're going
to help just by living, just
by being you, and being
in your highest vibration
and your highest alignment.
You're going to
help assist humanity
in reuniting with
their galactic family.
I said, OK.
>> It's a good thing that
they put that, just by living,
because to just say, you're
here to assist humanity,
that's a big burden to receive.
>> It is.
I think at the time, I didn't
know so much what that meant,
because I immediately went,
OK, what do I have to do?
What?
Who do--
>> Now I've got this huge.
>> Who do I have to call?
Do I have to call the president?
like I was in that position
where I was like, I don't--
what does that mean?
>> Right, right.
>> But of course,
over the years,
I understand what it is now.
But--
>> But at that time, they
also said, just be you?
>> They were just like,
you-- it wasn't even be you.
It was like, you are this.
>> Oh.
>> You can't be anything else.
you are our ambassador.
You are here assisting us.
We're your family.
You can't mess this up.
You just gotta be you.
>> That's good.
>> Yeah.
>> That's good, that's good.
>> It wasn't so much
verb, always verb.
It was more of a feeling--
>> A feeling, right.
>> --And an understanding.
Then a funny thing
that happened was
that from that
point, my friend, who
was guiding the experience,
who I was mentioning,
he was wanting--
we were in an
apartment in Boston,
and he wanted to go
walk down the street,
because he was going to
some building or whatever,
and he asked me if
I could go with him.
>> Right.
>> Now, after just having
that contact during the--
I was still tripping
on mushrooms.
But right after that,
that happened right
after the telepathic
communication.
And so he asked me, oh,
could you come with me?
Can you show me where this is?
And to my perception
in that experience,
I thought that he was going
to take me behind a building,
and we were going to
get in a spaceship,
and we were going to fly away.
I was confused, I was scared,
but I was kind of like,
OK, I guess this is it.
I guess this is it.
>> Time to go.
>> Because I didn't have the
same context for what was
happening.
I didn't have the same
understanding that I do now.
It was just like,
OK, I guess we're
going to go on a
spaceship and fly away.
>> It was your first
mushroom trip, right?
>> It was my first mushroom
trip and just first opening up
to all these things.
But after that experience,
it was total 360 change
over night.
I shifted my diet
completely, I started
to really get serious
about meditation,
and implementing different
spiritual practices,
and just really walking
the path and wanting
to become this embodiment
of higher consciousness
to assist in
humanity's evolution.
And so I really
started to live that.
So it's been many, many years
since that has happened,
and I've created
a lot of content
and put out a lot
of content that
has been inspired by this
message and by my experiences.
At this point--
>> Yeah, that led us to this.
It led us to this.
>> I get inspired by watching
YouTube videos and introducing
Zylok.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah, it's a fun way to
get the information out.
>> It is, it is.
>> I thought it
was very creative.
>> It is, yeah.
I'm an artist, and
a musician, and I
know how to utilize all
this technology and stuff,
so that's kind of how
I've packaged it together
and presented it.
And at this point, I mean, I
have experiences multiple times
a week, and I've had hundreds
of fully conscious, fully lucid
experiences with a
lot of different types
of extraterrestrials.
>> Wow.
>> A lot of it, honestly, I
don't always like talk about
how my experiences, necessarily.
I talk a lot about
the messages that
have come from the
experiences, but yeah,
some of the stuff that
I've experienced is insane.
>> Before we get into that,
I just want to double check.
>> Sure.
>> Let's do a little pause,
because I think I want
to read--
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Greetings.
I am known as Tej'Ah'K'Va.
There are many modes
of transfiguration,
alchemical rebirth and
total harmonization.
Through the integration
of the synergistic flow,
there's a certain state of
being that one begins to know.
With every seed of and
idea lies the potential
to receive an even fuller
representation of the space
between
[MUSIC PLAYING]
(SINGING) You are
all alchemical beings
who shape and steer the unseen.
And as it forms,
new ways are found
to optimize this
auspicious machine.
You are all alchemical beings
who shape and steer the unseen.
And as it forms,
new ways are found
to optimize this
auspicious machine.
>> The extrapolation of a
singular essence can provide
the potentiality for
symbiotic syntaxes,
geometric dialectics that allow
no expression to be formed.
Eclectic diametrics shining
light on those reborn.
Appraisal for that
which lies birthing
solitary sights to the heavens.
May it seek to satisfy the
compulsion for comprehension.
compulsion for completion.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> You are all alchemical beings
who shape and steer the unseen.
And as it forms,
new ways are found
to optimize this
auspicious machine.
You are all alchemical beings
who shape and steer the unseen.
And as it forms,
new ways are found
to optimize this
auspicious machine.
>> Test, test, test, test.
Testing the mic.
>> --of two seemingly
separate ideas.
>> Leave them on.
Yeah.
So let's see where we were at.
We were talking about the
psychedelic experience.
You were going to take
a ride in a spaceship.
>> Yeah, yeah, yeah.
>> And then what happened?
>> Well and then just that
experience just really
solidified and set the stage
for the work that now--
what I'm doing now.
>> Right, galactic ambassador.
>> Yeah, the galactic
ambassador role,
which looks like a lot of things
and nothing in particular,
which is how put it.
And that's the
funny thing, too, is
like, I think that for people
that have these experiences,
and they go through a
spiritual awakening,
and they feel that
responsibility to help,
sometimes we think that it looks
like a certain spiritual career
or it looks like a certain
thing, but it's not, really.
It's just whatever--
it's however
you choose to express yourself.
It's however you feel
is the way that you
want to represent yourself
and what is really, truly
in alignment with you.
That's the path, so it
doesn't look like anything.
So I've learned that
over the many years
since that experience
and since that awakening.
Yeah.
>> And you were saying these
contact experiences now are
quite common.
>> Yeah.
So since that, I mean, I've had
hundreds and hundreds of fully
conscious, lucid
experiences with ETs
where I could touch them,
I'm talking to them,
I could see them, and all
sorts of stuff is happening--
>> Without the aid of mushrooms.
>> Without the aid of anything.
They just happen.
>> Exactly.
>> And they generally--
before I get into the
specifics of the experiences,
I'll just talk about sort of
the general protocol of how
they occur.
So for me, they generally happen
in the middle of the night,
and it will kind of be like a
spontaneous shift in reality.
I'll be falling asleep,
falling asleep, and boom,
I'll find myself
in another reality.
Sometimes it's blatantly
obvious that I'm on a ship.
Sometimes it is like a version
of my bedroom or a environment
that my consciousness
feels comfortable within.
And there's sort of this
countdown of like 3, 2, 1.
OK, we're about to appear.
Sometimes, not all the times,
I first won't be able to move,
and I'll be lying down.
And then it will start
with them holding my hand
or touching me somewhere, and--
>> Do you feel actual pressure?
>> I feel pressure.
I feel them, and they are like.
can we be here with you now?
And they--
>> They ask?
>> They'll ask,
and they'll ask me.
That will sort of set the stage
for what's about to happen.
And so generally at
first, I can't move,
because there's sort of
a climatization period
where I'm adjusting
to their energy.
And so I can't move,
because I'm slowly
getting used to the feeling.
Generally, until I
balance myself out,
it's like you kind of feel
like you're vibrating out
of your skin, and you
can't really talk.
You get very choked up.
Like if you've ever been very
emotionally moved by something,
you feel it in your throat.
You quite literally
get choked up,
and that's the
sensation at first.
Then there's a lot
of like nerves,
and all sorts of kinds
of feelings that happen,
and then it kind of settles
out, and they're there,
and they're usually
smiling at me.
And I have experienced
a lot of different types
of extraterrestrials, and all
of them feel very differently.
But generally
speaking, I interact
with the hybrid beings, so
I am used to their protocol.
A lot of the times, they're
just like medical checkups.
And so they'll bring me
through different procedures
where they'll be activating
certain parts of my energy body
and realigning me in
certain ways, and--
>> Do you think that's
to communicate with them?
>> What's that?
>> Do you think those medical
alignments are to be a better
communicator?
>> In a sense, yeah.
They're primarily
adjusting the energy body
so that the frequencies that
are coming onto our planet now
can be assimilated more
efficiently by my being,
both on a physiological level
and on a quasi-physical and
metaphysical level.
>> It's almost
like a tuning fork.
>> Yeah, exactly.
So they're helping
me to fine tune.
>> Right, right.
>> And I do the work here,
I have the experiences,
and they help, and
then I come back here,
and then so on and so forth.
>> Right, right.
And then you set the waves here.
>> Exactly
>> And then other people get
activated like me coming to you
for this interview and what not.
>> Yeah.
So that's sort of generally
how those experiences happen.
My last experience
that I had with one
of my friends, who is part of
this Sasani group, came to--
>> Does he have a
name, he or she?
>> Well, he.
>> OK.
>> Yeah, sometimes he does.
Sometimes he d--
it's kind of like,
it's one of those things where--
so they don't have names in the
same way that we understand it.
They will give the
contactee a name
so that we can familiarize
ourselves with their energy.
>> Right.
>> And also, because they're so
unified and they work as one,
sometimes it's like, are you
this being or that being?
>> And they're like,
that doesn't matter.
>> It doesn't matter.
>> That doesn't.
That's-- because we operate
as one collective mind.
So anyway, I mean, he came
to me, and he was smiling.
And he asked me
if he could come.
And the experiences
are very intimate.
It's like, kind of--
even though they aren't
necessarily sexual,
they're like kind of treating
you like a romantic partner.
They're very intimate, and
they'll hold your hand.
It's like being nurtured in
this very intimate way when
you're with them.
So he was actually
showing me how
to like sleep in a certain
way so that I could--
I have a lot of
neck and back stuff,
because throughout
my journey, having
to like assimilate
some of these energies
and because of my experiences,
too, it's put a lot of strain
on my neck and my
back, because those
are like powerful reciprocal
points of the body that
integrate these higher energies
so that energy comes down
through your spine.
So anyway, he was helping
me to sleep in a certain way
and bring more awareness
to how I'm sleeping,
and where to actually place
my pillow so that I can more
effectively not injure myself.
>> Sure.
>> So that was an
interesting experience.
And then there's been--
I mean, there's so
many, but there's
some that are even
more unbelievable.
That one was pretty
mundane in terms of--
>> Right, so to
the other extreme.
Go--
>> Yeah.
So that--
>> --what's some of
the unbelievable ones?
>> Another one was actually--
it was the one that I was
mentioning.
>> With the reptilian?
With the reptilian--
>> Oh, OK.
Yeah, let's--
>> --which was a
cool story, I think.
So experience another way
that these experience starts
is that I become lucid, and
I'll be looking out a window.
And I'm looking out the
window, a ship will appear,
and so that's how
this one started.
I looked out, there was a
ship there, and it was like,
OK, I know it's about to happen.
>> Right.
>> And I'm looking at the
ship, and it's like, boom.
And my consciousness gets sucked
into what felt like a portal.
So then there's a flash.
>> What does that feel like?
>> Like you're flying down--
OK, you know what it's like?
It's kind of like
you're flying down--
if you've ever been
to a water park,
and you go down one
of the water slides.
>> Tubes.
>> And you're in a tube.
Right?
And you're in that
enclosed space.
That's kind of
what it feels like.
>> Nice.
>> But more intense and
more defying of space-time.
One moment you're
flying backwards,
and then you're
drop-- you're falling,
and it's hard to
explain exactly.
>> No, no, no.
That's a great analogy.
Yeah.
>> So flash, and I'm in a
room, and there's two beings.
One of them is a shapeshifter.
I'm just calling, because--
>> A shapeshifter, because
you were shapeshifting.
>> Because he was--
he was shifting.
And then the other one
was this very tall--
like, maybe 9, 10 foot tall,
lanky, green, reptilian,
humanoid being.
Like, very lanky, and was
wearing a priest robe.
And they were
basically bringing me
through an energetic
clearing process.
And the reptilian
was using this thing
that was, in my
perception, was like sage.
And they were clearing
the energy field,
and they were clearing
the energy field.
And it was very
interesting because they
started to do all this
dental work on me.
This energetic dental
work-- that's the only way
that I can really explain it.
>> With machines,
or just energy, or--
>> No, it was like--
it was like somehow with ener--
and they were moving my mouth
in a certain way.
And it's hard to
tell if they're using
some sort of mechanical--
energetic, mechanical device,
or it is just with
consciousness.
In those realms, those
lines are very blurred.
>> Right.
>> But they were doing this,
all this kind of stuff,
and I remember as
this was happening--
and in my experiences
now, I'm just--
I don't ask questions,
I just sit there
and I just let them
do what they do.
Because the more that
I try to ask questions,
it creates this sort
of seeking energy,
and it agitates
the energy field.
And you're not able to
maintain your consciousness
for nearly as long
when you start
to, like, what is this, who are
you, bah bah bah, bah bah bah.
It gets too much into
the chatter mind.
>> Yep.
>> So you just--
>> It pulls you out
of the experience.
>> It does.
It pulls you out
of the experience.
So you just learn to
kind of relax into it,
and just let it be what it is.
But I was laying there, and I
see, in the corner of my eye,
the reptilian
walked from the bed
to the other side of the room.
And as he was walking back,
he was going like this,
and he was covering his eyes.
And I asked the other one--
I was like, why is
he covering his eyes?
And it was a combination of
telepathic communication,
audibly, and also just
direct knowing that it was--
they were concerned that
if we made eye contact,
it would trigger something
energetically that
would be overwhelming for me and
overwhelming for him as well.
And what was explained, or
what I knew in that moment,
was that the group
that he was from
was healing a lot of
wounds with humans,
as well as humans healing a lot
with the idea of reptilians.
And the conflict between
humans and reptilians--
the entanglement between
humans and reptilians and the--
>> Perception, maybe?
>> It's hard to explain.
It's more just like
the misunderstanding
between reptilians and
humans is one of the oldest
histories of our galaxy.
>> Right.
Yeah.
>> And so there's a lot of
wounds that need to be healed
there.
And it was like, if we had
made eye contact, there would
be this energetic force
that would happen,
that it would be
too much for us.
So he was covering
his eyes respectfully
towards me and for himself.
But it was fascinating,
because then what happened
was that he laid on
the foot of the bed
and he held my hand and--
so you have to imagine a
hand that is three times--
two, three times
the size of mine--
>> Right.
>> Very soft.
Some slight scales, but
really, really soft.
I'm holding his
hand and I'm like,
first of all, just amazed by
the feeling of what that is--
>> Right.
>> --physically.
And he starts to
bless me, and he
starts to say this prayer, where
he's like, may he be blessed,
may he be free, may he--
and he's going on.
And then he says something
that was really interesting,
and this is how the experience
ended, where he said, may he--
but it was me, but it
was meaning mankind,
he said may he look upon the
face of the lizard people
as they once did in
the ancient times.
Meaning may we see reptilians
in the divine light
as we once did, earlier
in our galactic history.
>> Right.
>> And all of that
was, once again,
it was like he said that, but
all of that was understood
by me in that experience.
So that one was
quite fascinating.
>> Yeah.
And you see, we have these
ancient monuments that were--
in Gobekli Tepe, they're
finding the serpent statue--
>> Yeah.
>> --and the Serpent
Mound in North America.
>> Right.
>> There's all this serpent
symbology that seems to be held
in a very sacred manner--
>> Right.
>> --in old, old times.
>> Yeah.
>> This is pre--
the modern day image of an idea
of what a reptilian or serpent
type energy is.
>> So I've had quite a
few experiences with these
reptilians, and it's understood
that they ask me to do this
because I'm very comfortable
with interacting with all
different types of beings.
Some look very unusual, some
basically just look like us,
and sometimes their
skin color is different,
and their eyes are a
bit bigger or whatever.
>> Right.
>> And I'm put in these
experiences because I can bring
a lot of healing to that
timeline and that lineage,
because I'm not afraid
of these experiences,
even though there's some like--
whoa, OK, this is intense,
when this comes up.
There's not judgment.
>> Yeah.
>> And that has come through
having so many of these
experiences over a
long period of time.
Yeah.
>> Yeah, in my own work,
I've noticed that too.
>> Yeah.
>> If you open yourself up--
for me, it was a mantis being--
>> Oh, cool.
Awesome.
>> --having, sort of not
judgment, but curiosity.
>> Yeah.
>> Then yeah, they
kind of come--
they're like, oh,
this guy's not afraid.
We can show ourselves.
>> Yeah, and we can--
he can assist us in
this healing process.
>> Yeah.
And then later-- for me,
yeah, I felt amazing,
unconditional love from this
mantis being and this image
of the insects, which
is-- we have this--
maybe there's this
collective trauma
in some way from
insects and reptilians
and these things
that we're all--
we think, oh,
that's gross, and we
create, in our monster
movies, we create all this--
>> Oh, totally.
Oh, yeah.
There's all that stigma
around those kinds of forms.
>> So yeah, we've got to sort
of work through that a little
bit--
>> We do.
Yeah.
>> --to connect.
>> And they're just forms.
They're just form.
>> Yeah.
>> They look-- like the
rock, like the tree,
they're just other forms.
>> When you connect
to the actual energy,
it's, like you said,
unconditional love.
>> It's amazingly loving, and
they're fantastic to be around.
Every time I have an
experience, I'm just like,
I come back from
that experience,
and I'm just ready to go.
I feel recharged
from that, because
of the pure positive
energy that's generated
from my interactions with them.
>> Well, you mentioned
the Essassani being--
you didn't mention
his name, but do you
have any other regulars
that visit you often?
>> Well, yeah, there's a
whole group of them that are
Essassani and then
there's one being--
>> Do they talk like Bashar?
[LAUGHS]
>> Not--
>> [INAUDIBLE] you
know what I mean?
>> And it's funny, because
I've had three conscious
interactions with Bashar.
The entity Bashar.
>> Oh, OK.
>> And those have
been very interesting.
The first interaction
that I had with him,
I knew that it was him, and
he was explaining to me how
their civilization
is excited to learn
from polarity through humans,
in the way that we're learning,
and that he--
he showed me an experience
where he was with his group,
and they were
exploring some planet,
and they ran into this
local indigenous--
almost like an octopus-type
being, and they had some--
the reason why they
were showing me
was because they were
demonstrating how polarity
happens to them, which is
that they didn't understand
this being, and
the being latched
onto one of the people
that were in their group,
and they had to have this whole
procedure of removing the being
without hurting anyone.
And there was a lot of
lessons in there for them
in that experience.
So I thought that was
quite interesting.
>> Yeah, that is fascinating.
>> And then another experience
I had with him, I was actually--
I was clearly in Sedona, and
this is also at the time--
as I'm living in Sedona, but
I went into another reality
where I was in Sedona, I saw
his ship, I'm on the ship,
and I'm laying on a
bed, and I can't move,
and he's wheeling me, and I
can see out of their ship,
and I could see Sedona from
their ship, which was--
>> Nighttime or daytime?
>> What's that?
>> Was it nighttime or daytime?
>> It was daytime.
>> Daytime.
>> Yeah.
>> Wow.
So you have these interactions
with the Essassani,
and these different--
>> Totally.
There's a lot of
regulars with them.
And then there's
another regular,
named Marlin, who's from
the YahYel civilization.
>> Oh, OK.
>> He's a little bit taller
than me, completely bald,
looks pretty much totally human.
There's some-- if
you saw him, you'd
be like, that guy kind
of looks a little weird.
But he's not-- the
YahYel look very human--
>> Right.
>> --and their features are
a little bit accentuated
in certain ways.
But yeah.
>> What's that energy like?
The Essassani--
>> It's, once again, really
peaceful, really loving.
But it's very human, it's very--
it doesn't really feel very
extraterrestrial in that sense,
with the YahYel.
>> You say that, and I've--
a lot of people say that, and
I hear that, that they're--
even Bashar talks about
being the first contact race,
and these kinds of things.
And interviewed Bella--
>> Yeah.
>> But the way they come
through different people,
Wieteka and Arjun,
it's a little subdued.
But you have these other--
like Shaun and Gita, and other
YahYel channelers out there,
it comes through very
heightened and excited and--
>> Oh, it's very excited.
>> --hyper.
And I'm like, but that's
so far from the human!
>> But see, the thing is, what
I mean by it's human is that
it's the true humanity.
It's like the core essence of
the human, which is excited,
passionate, and aligned
and connected, and--
>> Because a lot of people
who aren't in this world,
from the outside, they
may see that and like,
what is this silliness?
>> Right.
And it's because most people
don't operate in that state.
But as you start to operate
more in that state of alignment
and excitement, it's like,
that's how you become,
and that's how you
feel a lot of the time.
And so when I'm interacting
with them, I'm feeling good
and they're feeling
good, and they're excited
and I'm excited, but that's
just how I feel all the time.
So they're reflecting back
to us the true essence
of our humanity.
And they themselves
consider themselves humans.
They're not earth humans,
but they're humans.
And I've had many interactions
with a lot of different groups
that are like--
when I'm like, well, how
do you identify yourself?
And they're like, we're human.
We don't live on
earth, but we're human.
We're part of the human family.
>> Yeah, it's-- definitions.
Everything gets
wound up and twisted,
and part of the
human experience is
to put labels and
definitions on everything.
So I'm always trying to
figure out those YahYel.
They're kind of sneaky in the
sense of-- because they are
so connected to us,
but yet they're--
what are they, and
trying to figure out
which timeline they're from.
>> Yeah.
Well, they're a lot
more similar to us
than you might think at first.
>> Yeah.
Do you have a favorite?
>> A favorite being?
>> A favorite civilization or
group that you hang out with?
>> They're all different
in their own respects,
and it's hard to play favorites
in that sense, because it's--
>> I know, it's a bad question.
>> No, it's fine.
It's just like who is
wanting to interact with me?
I would say that I'm
the most comfortable
with the Essassani
and the YahYel,
but there's so many
other interactions
that I've had with all
different types of beings that--
they're all very
interesting and unique.
>> You said you interact with
the hybrid children a lot.
>> Yeah, a lot with
the hybrid children.
>> At what age groups
do they come through?
>> Some are between 17
and 20, based off of our--
>> Understanding.
>> --how we're perceiving age.
And some are infants.
Some are 6 to 10.
>> And at an infant,
they can communicate?
>> It's more-- when
I'm with the infants,
it's more like I'm
nurturing them.
>> OK.
>> And I'm just helping
the other caretakers--
caretakers, being the--
>> Other YahYel, or other--
>> Other-- the Essassani,
the YahYel, the Sha-YahYel,
which is the fourth group--
>> OK, right.
>> --based off of Bashar's
understanding and information.
>> You said in nurturing
for the younger ones--
what about the older ones?
What kind of interactions
do you have with them?
>> With the older ones, a
lot of the time, it's like--
it's all very playful.
There's an element
of play, and there's
a lot of different
creative activities
that happen when we're together,
and there's a lot of talking
and oh, I'm excited
to do this with you.
And there's a lot of sharing of
what we are both collectively
excited about.
>> Which would be?
For example-- Just
depends on the time?
>> Well, like, oh, I'm excited
to go be in nature with you,
or to create with you, or to
do these different things.
And there's a mutual exchange
of what they're excited about
and what I'm excited about.
And there's also a lot of--
sometimes they
don't say anything.
They just will look
at you and smile.
And sometimes, I'll have
experiences where they'll
make fun of you sometimes.
Playfully, not harshly.
But I remember that I was--
I couldn't move when I was
with one of the beings that is
actually one of my daughters--
>> Oh.
>> And she was looking
at me from above,
and I was making these faces,
because I couldn't move,
because I was paralyzed.
And she was making those
faces back at me and laughing.
>> Wow.
And it was a very
visceral thing.
>> It was very visceral, yeah.
>> So you have daughters.
Daughters.
>> Yeah.
>> You said S, with an S.
>> Yeah, and it's like, the
way that we understand having
daughters and children is a
bit different than how these
experiences, or how their
understanding of it.
Basically, we donate
genetic material--
>> Sure.
>> --energetically
and physically.
And different beings are
created through this donation
of genetic material.
That's the
hybridization program.
>> Right.
>> And those beings 100%
consider their genetic donors
as their parents.
>> Right.
>> Fully.
>> OK.
>> Like mommy and daddy.
>> Just like we consider
our parents parents.
>> Yes.
And so we don't
always consider--
>> But caretakers?
How does that--
>> The caretakers are different
extraterrestrial groups.
>> OK.
And would they consider
them parents at all?
>> No, they consider
them caretakers.
>> Interesting.
Like we would-- like a nanny?
>> Yeah.
Actually, yes.
That's a good analogy.
And those beings kind of act
as like surrogate parents,
and they will take care of
them, and they will teach them
what they need to know until
the time is upon us where
those hybrid children
will inhabit our planet
and share the space with us.
And from that point,
we will teach them
in whatever way is necessary.
And of course, we also teach
them a lot on the ship.
>> Right.
>> And when I say teach, it's
not so much like, OK, class,
here is a lesson, and you're
writing stuff on a chalkboard.
It's like you're teaching
them through your experience.
>> Right.
>> And they basically have
this protocol where they can go
through your experiences, they
can access your experiences,
because your experiences
are stored in the cells
of your body and in your DNA.
And they can access
this, and they
can learn from accessing
this information.
So that's one of the
ways that we teach them.
And the teaching is
very dynamic and will
change as they are actually
physically with us.
>> And as they evolve and
understand those teachings too.
>> Yeah.
So there's a lot that
we're teaching them,
there's a lot that they're
teaching us as well.
>> What do you think the time--
is there a time frame on when
all this is supposed to happen?
>> Yes.
Dates don't really work
with this kind of thing,
because it's always--
there's many parallel
realities, and there's
many different
versions of Earth.
There's many different
versions of us.
And it's always
shifting, depending
on what we're choosing.
>> Right.
>> But one thing that came
to me that was very important
to express was that
in this next decade--
sometime within
this next decade--
for certain groups of people,
small groups of people--
because first contact
happens in phases.
We're in phase one of
first contact, which
is the remembrance of
the fact that there
is even anything outside of us.
But there's a phase
two of contact, which
we'll be entering into soon.
And this phase two is
that basically, they
will start to appear physically
to certain groups of people.
And so the way that it's
going to happen is maybe
you get called to
go hike somewhere,
and at first you see a ship.
>> Right.
>> OK, that was quite profound.
I see a ship.
Then maybe a month later,
you see that same ship,
and you're in a
different nature spot,
and you see the same ship.
OK, you're like, OK,
I recognize that.
And I've also had
experiences where
they've shown me their
ship, and they're like,
describe that to me.
They will ask me to describe
it to them, so that what
their ship looks like
is ingrained in me,
so that when I see that, I
will immediately recognize that
as beings that I
am familiar with.
>> Right, right.
>> So you'll continue to maybe
have these different sightings.
>> Right.
>> And then eventually, you
might go somewhere and one
of the scout ships will
be landed somewhere.
>> In a field--
you know, this is
general, because it's
hard to get into specifics
because it's going to happen
different to everyone.
>> Right.
>> And maybe you see that
ship, and you see it,
and it's profound,
and it's amazing,
and maybe they'll, in some
way, communicate with you.
And then maybe a month
later, you see that same ship
and maybe you'll see
them standing there,
and then maybe two months later,
a year later, the same thing
will happen, but they will
actually come over to you,
and they'll actually
hold your hand
and they will actually really
physically embrace you.
>> Right.
>> The point of--
>> And this is part of this--
because we have to
raise our frequency--
>> We have to raise our--
>> --in order to match them.
They can only lower so much.
>> Yeah.
>> And then eventually, we get
to that place where we can hang
together?
>> Yeah, exactly.
So all of this is like
a climatization process.
It's acclimating
to their frequency
so that we can best
meet them in the middle.
So the point of
what I was saying--
I was just kind of
giving some examples--
it's like at first, the
experiences will be sparse.
>> Right.
>> At first, they'll
be little sightings.
Over that period
of 10 years or so,
you will slowly, basically, be
acclimating to their frequency
in a more physical way.
>> Right.
>> And then, eventually--
>> We're talking about
lots of people, right?
Having these things.
>> We're talking
about lots of people.
>> OK.
Because I know a lot of--
I know, in this realm
and doing this work,
I know a lot of people
are already having
these experiences like this.
>> Right.
So what I'm saying that--
>> So it's more global.
>> I'm saying that on
a more global level.
>> OK.
>> And it's going to--
on a global level,
and in this reality.
>> Right.
>> Their reality will--
>> Not so much in a dream--
Like what you're
experiencing now
is in this not
physical realm here.
>> It's more in a quasi
physical kind of capacity.
>> A dream sense, or--
>> Yeah.
But even though they're--
it's still as real as
I'm talking to you,
but I consciously recognize
that it's not in this reality.
>> Right.
Right.
>> It will be, though.
And their reality is
merging with our reality.
But there needs to be a
process of acclimation.
And eventually, these
first contact ambassadors
will all get very used to
interacting in a physical way.
And that timing will
correlate with--
>> The ambassadors on
earth, or their ambassadors?
>> Earth.
Earth.
>> OK.
>> Well, both.
But it's more so about
us getting used to them.
They're pretty used
to us, because they
interact with us a lot--
>> Right.
>> A lot, a lot.
We just don't remember.
So this will coincide
with greater planetary
shifts that will eventually
lead to open global contact.
And open global contact,
meaning they're here,
they're part of our
society, they've
integrated into our society.
And that eventually, we will
become part of a greater
galactic council and society.
It's like things that are
depicted on Star Trek?
>> Yeah.
>> Very accurate, in the sense
that however many years from
now, in our future,
in our lifetimes,
we will be part of this
greater galactic community,
and we'll be exploring
outside of our planet,
and we'll be interacting as
first contact specialists
to other societies as well.
>> So do you think we're
in this timeline right now?
>> Yeah, definitely.
>> Do you think-- so we're
in this 10 year span?
>> Fully.
>> We can get started?
>> Yeah, fully.
>> OK.
Because yeah, we have--
just a couple weeks
ago, the Navy,
with the announcement that--
I don't know if
you caught that--
>> No, no.
What was that?
>> It's sort of a continuation
of this To The Stars Academy,
the New York Times announcement
two years ago, that--
and the release of these
three videos from the Navy.
Official videos--
they're saying--
UAPs, right?
Unidentified aerial phenomenon.
We don't know if
they're E.T. or not.
We're not saying they're
E.T., but they're not
from this planet.
>> Right.
>> --basically.
>> Cool.
>> And we're getting
this in little bites.
Tucker Carlson
interviewed Donald Trump
and said, what's the
deal with the Navy stuff?
>> Sure.
>> Do you believe in aliens?
>> Yeah.
>> And he's like, well, I
don't believe in aliens,
but I believe our Navy guys.
>> Yeah.
>> And then a week later,
the Navy comes out and says,
they're not from this planet.
>> OK, yeah.
>> They're not UFOs, but they
are not from this planet.
Officially.
In the three videos
that they released,
officially, fully--
they had already
been sort of vetted
in everything,
if you do your
homework, but there
was no official announcement.
>> Sure.
>> And now it was official.
>> Now it is.
Well, that is definitely a
step in the right direction.
And this will sweep
the world by storm.
>> Yeah.
Well, we had storm
Area 51, right?
>> Right, exactly.
Exactly.
>> Just a couple
weeks ago as well.
>> As if it couldn't
be any more blatant.
But it will take
the world by storm.
Also, global
contact won't happen
until humanity is at a certain
level of energetic integration.
>> Sure.
>> Meaning they're not going
to come land if we're still
at war, fighting,
dah dah dah dah dah.
But the good news is that--
>> Because that would
just create more--
>> What's that?
>> That could just
create more polarity.
>> It would create
a lot more polarity.
>> And that's not the agenda.
>> It's not the agenda,
and it wouldn't be helpful.
So we're on the
ascension timeline,
and this is happening.
Ascension is happening.
And the timeline that we
are on is peace on earth.
And of course, all
of us will always
be at variant stages
of where we're
at in our own integration,
but generally speaking, when
the planet reaches a certain
threshold of positive focus,
then global contact can happen.
>> Right.
>> And no dates,
nothing like that.
>> Sure.
>> But it's happening, and
it's going to happen soon.
All of these things are going
to really come to a head,
and I know that
this next decade,
we will see a lot of completely
paradigm shifting things
happen in our society.
>> Well, a lot of people
who are in this space,
they want it now.
Right?
Because we know in our
bones that it exists,
we've had these experiences,
and we're just like, hurry up.
>> Right.
>> But we seem to forget
that it is happening.
>> It is happening.
And we forget, too,
that it's a process,
and it has to be a process,
because of what all of this
entails--
what this all entails
physiologically,
what this entails energetically,
what this entails socially--
all of these levels.
It's big stuff.
>> If it happened
overnight, it would be so--
it'd be like eating a hot
chili pepper or something.
>> Right.
Exactly.
>> And you'd probably have
to go to the bathroom.
>> Exactly.
Yeah.
That's a good way of saying it.
>> And you wouldn't
retain any of the--
>> You would not.
You wouldn't.
>> --any of the nutrients.
>> And it wouldn't be
for the benefit of all.
It really wouldn't.
So it's a gradual process.
Though, at the same
time, it's happening,
and it's going to
continue to accelerate.
>> Right.
>> Yeah.
>> So maybe a good reminder
to everybody who's watching--
>> For sure.
>> It's already happening.
>> It is already happening.
>> We're having this show,
we're having the conversation,
there's people watching,
we have an audience.
So yeah.
Just sit tight.
>> Sit tight, seriously.
It's happening.
>> It's happening.
Any other thing you want
to add to that, to final--
>> The message is
about love, man.
It's about creativity,
it's about unity,
and it's about coming together
as a global consciousness
and as a global community.
And that's what the message of
these extraterrestrials are.
It is truly that we're all
connected, we are all family.
And when we're able to put
aside our own personal agenda,
and we're here--
we really allow ourselves to be
here, and be present with being
of service to the planet.
And when I say that, that just
simply means a lot of things.
But I'll say it like this--
>> Because we hear that a lot.
>> Yeah.
>> We hear that a lot.
>> Yeah, so to clarify
this, in closing,
being of service to the
planet is being vulnerable,
it's being authentic, it's
being honest with how you feel,
first and foremost, and it's
about allowing yourself to love
how you feel, to the point
of your feelings becoming
integrated and
harmoniously balanced.
That is the first
fundamental level of service.
And then from that
emotional integration,
it's what are you
inspired to do?
How do you put your
service into action
in a practical, physical sense?
Like what you're
doing with the show,
and with what I'm doing with
the YouTube channel, and the art
and the music and everything.
Yeah
>> Then for us, as artists,
it's simple, it's easy,
because artists have this
free pass to do whatever.
>> Sure.
>> How could you--
any ideas for somebody else?
>> OK, I love that question.
Say that you're a mom--
a single mother.
>> Yeah.
>> OK?
That is just as
significant as the artist--
an artist who's doing stuff,
creating art about E.T.s.
So your job as a single mother,
whoever is watching this
and is a single
mother, your job is
to raise your children with
the utmost love, compassion,
gratitude, and nurturing
energy, and to allow
them to be free, and be fully
expressed in who they are.
Now that is as a powerful
planetary service,
and that is
something that shifts
the whole paradigm
of parent and child,
or say that you're someone--
you're a business owner.
>> Right.
>> To run a business that is
ethical, that's of integrity,
that is wanting to be about
connections rather than just
about how much money you make
and how much you can get from
someone.
>> Right.
>> Having these
little shifts are as--
these are the things that
are changing the paradigm.
So you don't have
to be an artist,
you don't have to be
a spiritual healer.
That's like a big--
a thing that a lot of
people get confused
with is my planetary
service has to look like me
being a spiritual healer.
>> Right, right.
>> It doesn't.
>> Right.
>> It doesn't look like
anything in particular.
It literally just
looks like you being
more loving, more vulnerable,
more authentic in being you.
And sharing that with others.
There's so many opportunities
throughout the day
to anchor in a higher vibration
of love and compassion.
So many.
And so when you take
those opportunities,
you are being of service,
in all of these little ways.
In the way that
you treat yourself,
in the way that you talk to
yourself, in the way that you
talk to other people.
It's in the simple
things, that's
how we change the paradigm.
>> You don't have to
be E.T.s or going--
>> No, none of that.
>> --into inter-dimensional
planes of existence.
>> And people get really--
one of the reasons why
I don't always share--
I've shared a lot of my
experiences in this interview--
>> Yeah.
>> --and I don't usually
share a lot of my experiences.
I make art that has come
from my experiences,
I talk about the message
behind these experiences,
but I don't always talk about
my experiences themselves,
because people get
very caught up in that.
>> Yeah.
>> And it's a play.
I'm having these
experiences, but I'm also
seeing through the one that
is having these experiences.
So it's also a play that
when you see through it,
you're integrated into an even
higher level of consciousness
and understanding
and embodiment.
So don't get wrapped
up in the experiences.
It's not about talking to
E.T.s, it's about love,
and it's about
alignment with yourself
and sharing that
with other people.
And I'll tell you, at
this point in my journey,
because I'm so willing
to have my heart open,
you never get disappointed,
because you're not
loving towards someone
because you expect
them to return the favor.
>> Right.
>> You're loving towards someone
because you know that the love
that you're sharing with
someone is fueling you,
it's fueling your being,
and you're helping to raise
the vibration of our
planet by embodying that.
So for me, at this
point, it's just--
I have an open heart, and
I share that with everyone,
and I can see people's
realities changing, just
by me sharing love with them,
and just by being myself
and expressing myself with
excitement and compassion
and passion with what I'm doing.
>> The unconditional love.
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> That's what it is.
Well, what do you say when a lot
of people who open themselves
whole heartedly--
>> Yeah.
>> Sometimes they feel taken
advantage of, or they get
in a rut.
>> You can only be taken
advantage of when you have
an expectation of how someone
should be in response to you.
>> I see.
>> And it doesn't mean being
around people that are going
to abuse you.
It doesn't mean get yourself
involved in sketchy situations.
What it means is
that when you're
truly in integrity, first
of all, you sense deception.
If someone's intentions
are negative towards you,
you develop that sense.
You could feel that.
You go, hm, maybe I don't
want to be around that person.
>> Right.
>> But if you have no
expectations of how someone
should respond towards you,
as you're being loving towards
them, then you can't be taken
advantage of, because you have
no say, you have no need
for them to be anything
in particular.
You're just like, you
can be disgruntled,
you can project tons
of things at me,
and I'm going to love you.
And to some people,
that sounds crazy,
and it's like, why
would you do that?
But when you really understand
this, you become invincible.
Like, truly.
People's projections
and their negativity
stops affecting you
in the same way,
because you're the first one
to show it love and compassion.
You're, like, oh, you just--
oh, that person
just yelled at me.
That's an indication of how
much more love they need.
>> Or just where they're
at in their evolution.
>> And it's just a
simple observation that
they're working through their
own things, and that's fine,
love you.
I send you love.
>> Right.
And you said invincible, but you
also kind of become invisible.
>> Invisible as well, yeah.
That's another way
to look at it, yeah.
That's sort of where
the idea of attraction
comes in, too, where you're
attracting new realities,
because you become invisible
to the old realities that
are based in manipulation
and ego and all these things,
and you enter into new
realities with people
that are of service
to you, because you're
of service to them.
And worlds collide
to make things
happen for you, as opposed
to worlds colliding--
>> To go against you.
>> --to go against you.
And to spite you.
>> Yeah.
On an individualistic
level, that might happen.
But on a, like you
said, a world level,
it's all-- the world is
conspiring to uplift, to grow,
and to integrate.
>> Right, exactly.
>> But individually,
we're our own demise.
>> We are.
Exactly.
And the other
level to that, too,
is that you start to realize
that you are the world, meaning
that there's many
versions of the world,
and where you are
at vibrationally,
energetically, you
are matching yourself
to this gradient of different
versions of reality.
So the more that
you are consciously
choosing the
version of the world
that you want to be
in, the more that you
will see the reflection of that
in these versions of people.
>> Said very well, as the
true galactic ambassador would
probably say, right?
>> Thank you.
>> Yeah, thank you for the
love you're putting out,
and your art--
>> Thanks, man.
Thank you for doing this.
>> --and for music, and your
YouTube videos, everything.
And continue to
share this message.
Yeah, I think you hit it
on the-- you hit the nail
on the head right there.
>> Yeah, awesome.
>> So thanks, brother.
>> Thank you.
>> Big hugs.
>> Yeah, definitely.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> (SINGING) We wait for no
one, as we make our journey
to the sun.
Countdown to liftoff,
shining so bright,
let the light fill
up your lungs.
Reclaim where you are, and we'll
make our journey to the sun.
With truth in your
heart, shining so bright,
face the grace of heaven's arms.